Revision2

Computer Vision, often introduced along with the term “image understanding”, is a technology that collects and studies information about the real world by analyzing images and videos taken by optical devices. Once the image is understood by a computer, digital device can perform functions, such as facial recognition，color tracking, number recognition, and etc. 
  
The development of Computer Vision can an be divided into three levels: low level, middle level and high level. The low level development focus on the mathematics applied in the Computer Vision algorithms. The middle level requires users to utilize existing Computer Vision modules. The high level interprets the information provided by low level and middle level, and prepares the data for other parts of the project.  

Computer vision and image processing have many properties in common. For example, both of the technologies require manipulating images from pixel level, and they share many algoruthm in signal processing. Image processing and Computer Vision differ from each other in their fundamentals. Computer Vision serves digital systems as the part of human brain that understands a image, and reacts according to the visual information. Computer Vision tries to understand and analyze images using the data collected from the camera. Once the data is processed with certain algorithms, Computer Vision allows digital systems to react to its environment. However, a raw picture often contains information and noise. Computer Vision utilizes image processing tool to perform such as, contour tracing, grayscale, color filter to make image analysis possible. An real-life example will be that it’s hard for human brain to see when the environment is too bright. Wearing sunglasses is able to reduce the brightness, so a image can be accepted by a human eyes. Image processing serves a tool to manipulate the raw image so that Computer Vision functions can be achieved  with less processing power of the computer. 

Human eyes are limited by biological structures that they can’t achieve certain tasks without optical tools, such as microscope, telescope, sunglasses, and etc. For example, human eyes can only recognize visible light with wave length between 390nm and 700nm, anything outside this range is considered invisible to human eyes. Also human eyes cannot tell the difference when objects are moving at a high speed. For example, the VGA display is designed to show pixels in an one-by-one order. Since the pixels update at a high frequency, human beings see these points as they are shown simultaneously. 

Computer Vision is broadly used in life, traffic sign detector is one of the applications. For example, by running a color-recognition algorithm, the implemented computer is able to tell the color of the traffic lights, so to decide whether to proceed or to stop. Another application of Computer Vision on self-driving vehicles is speed-limit recognition. When autonomous vehicles are operating under safe speed, it allows the car to have more time and space to avoid a hazardous situation.    

As Computer Vision technology develops, it allows digital systems to obtain more information to satisfy the its needs for operation. With high-resolution cameras and advanced computer vision algorithms, digital systems are able to replace human beings in various areas as machines now collect more information about the outside environment and react at a fast speed. 




 





 

